President Donald J. Trump said he gets "a big, big kick" out of establishment political actors telling him what to do with North Korea. https://fxn.ws/2HAzCrh
The Law of Attraction - What we think we become I've learnt with time that those who have to leave will do so no matter what you do.. Forever is a lie.. Yet the statement is partially right because, remember, those who stay will always be there.. It is up to you to choose well.. Don't blame life..
“This is a big deal and there’s one person who was more responsible than anybody else for it, and that is President Trump.”
Matt Enders Give the credit where it is due. Congratulations. President Donald J. Trump.
"We've never been paid by the Trump campaign."
On "Fox & Friends," Diamond And Silk discussed their heated exchanges with lawmakers during a hearing on Capitol Hill. bit.ly/2KnkoYq
Gabriel Rowe Anthony Don’t care anymore , don’t care what click and clack or Trumpanzee does anymore .. his followers at the cult of Trumpanzee don’t care about America.. oh they care about their America, but that’s not the real country or ideas it was founded on or evolved to be .. they want us all to be like them .. None of it matters anymore .
Jarrod Hamlin Trump did what no other president in 65 years could do. And the best part? Trump said “we did it”.
That’s why I voted for him. That right there. He says “we are winning”. ...See More
Moments ago on "Hannity," Judge Jeanine Pirro gave her take on the uproar that has occurred on the left after Kanye West expressed a pro-Donald J. Trump message. https://bit.ly/2HyfaXQ
Josh Harrison That’s odd, it reminds me of a much more recent event where a celebrity made a political statement - Colin Kapaernick’s stance on police brutality. I think Fox and Pirro had a few things to say about that. I guess those must of been reminiscent of McCarthyism, but I don’t recall them saying so.
"Investigators found no evidence of collusion or coordination of any kind between the Russian government and the Donald J. Trump for Preside nt campaign. None." – Tucker Carlson
Jason Hoyt Wow the Republicans found no evidence of collusion that's just like when the police say that after investigating themselves they found that they did no wrong doing.
Daniel Vieira Trump is going to try and take credit for this too.
Some of the biggest tax cuts in history. Smashed ISIS. Ended the Korean War. Lowest unemployment since they started keeping statistics. The list goes on and on....See More
Manage
Harry J. Kazianis, director of defense studies at the Center for the National Interest, says President Donald J. Trump should get the Nobel Peace Prize. https://fxn.ws/2jdLQLP
Ryan Matthew Giles The only award Donald Trump deserves is con artist of the century
Justin Phagan Trump should get a Nobel Peace prize, for actually achieving peace, unlike Obama who only got one for being the first Black President.
A The White House Photo of the Week: President Donald J. Trump poses with children during Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day in the Oval Office, Thursday, April 26, 2018, in Washington, D.C. (Official WH Photo by D. Myles Cullen)
Marinel Lewis Isn't it nice to see a smiling President, rather that an angry one like Obama? Love President Trump!
Jeanne Shillingburg Bean President Trump is a better example of achieving your dreams, then most of you,making the nasty comments about him. Thanks President Trump for caring about our young people!
Pete Koukos And it keeps coming!! I’m glad the Black community in this country are starting to realize that The Democrats have done nothing for them!!! Diamond and silk said it from day one!
Brandon Garrettson Atta boy Darrel...and Kanye...tell em! Its alllll crashing down for the left wing scoundrels, I love it! Everyday, more news and evidence of their lies, corruption, and crimes...all in an effort to prevent the man who's changing the world from becoming President. Trump supporters rejoice...the Truth always comes out, and the good guys always win. MAGA!!!
Don Anthony HOLY CRAP! BREAKING NEWS...
That "Russian lawyer" that Trump's kids and henchmen met and conspired with to get "dirt" on Hillary -- in Trump's own building -- turned out to be a top RUSSIAN SPY as she herself admitted in a Richard Engel NBC News exclusive tonight at 9e on MSNBC.
On "Fox & Friends," Sen. Tim Scott seconded Chance The Rapper's statement: "Black people don’t have to be democrats." https://fxn.ws/2HBovy2
Sean Bevans Notice how the same people who told Colin Kaepernick and Lebron James to “shut up and stick to sports”…………haven’t told Kanye West to stick to making music?
Yeah, we notice your hypocrisy
Phillip Day So Trump made sure to call and congratulate Roseanne on her TV ratings but has never called the hero that stopped the wafflehouse mass shooting....He's black! Your Republican leader seems to have race issues!!!
Moments ago, Hillary Clinton called for the FEC to allow candidates to use campaign funds for childcare when they’re on the trail.
Is this a good idea?
Rhonda Sterner Hmmm, I smell a new scheme for dems to hire family members as babysitters while campaigning. I can see it now, Maxine Waters needs child care 😂
Bill Cunnington Just looking for another way to scam the system and a funnel all sorts of dirty dark money in the democrats campaigns like she did for herself
Israel, in response to the announcement of a vote, said union boss Jeff Bell was trying "to use the Parkland tragedy as a bargaining tactic to extort a 6.5 percent raise" from the sheriff's office, according to the Sun-Sentinel.
Broward deputies union votes 'no confidence' in Sheriff Israel
A union of deputies in Florida on Thursday announced it has no confidence in Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel.
Sue Mortellaro Forni James Shaw Jr., who heroically disarmed the gunman who opened fire at a Waffle House in Nashville, is paying for the funerals of each of the four shooting victims with money that was raised for him.
IF TRUMP WON'T HONOR HIM, WE WILL!!!!
Steve Ohlde This sheriff is not a leader. His career is over but he’ll fight it to the end blaming everyone else. He’s not a leader and he needs to get out of way so the officers in that department can move ahead.
At his press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, President Donald J. Trump said that his low ratings in other countries proves his efficacy as president on behalf of the American people. fxn.ws/2KkwGRh
Lumbani Kaunda So we all know that Trump didn't do anything, it's the two Korean leaders and president Xi who initiated the talks. The man child in the Oval office threatened to annihilate North Korea and bragged about a bigger button on his desk, Mike Pence attende...See More
Scott Hendrickson Trump for Nobel Peace Prize! Unlike Obummer, who did nothing and got one., Trump is the reason that Korea is where it is today.
“Extremely pathetic.”
Texas Dem group crops Melania out of viral presidents photo
Nancy Jones Dems just can’t stand it. Melania has brought the most class to the White House since Jacqueline Kennedy.
Danny Blocker I'm sure Melania was uncomfortable being there, having to sit next to Obama and crooked Hillary... but she did it, she did it with character, she did it with Integrity, and she did it with class!! my hats off to our First Lady Melania, you accomplished your mission, by being there as our First Lady to pay your respects on behalf of the United States!! for that, WE THANK YOU
Moments ago on "The Five," Candace Owens slammed liberals for stifling independent thought. https://bit.ly/2HyfaXQ
David Kennett The problem with liberals is that they have no real defense for their position so when challenged they have to respond with name calling and "racism". Independent thought is their Achilles Heel.
Omod Galli Fox supports freedom of speech as long as something they agree with lol. They told Lebron to shut and dribble but won’t tell Kanye to shut and rap.
HEARTWARMING: A North Dakota airman’s surprise homecoming brought his 8-year-old son to tears. fxn.ws/2HlJr0c
Dale Sand And this is why we stand for our National Anthem and honor the American flag <3
Jenna Kittredge Spiker These make me tear up. Every flippin time. I’ve watched a hundred of them. There’s no twist. Exactly what I’m expecting. Still tear up. Every. Single. Time.
Earnest Roberts · 2:03 former officer.. what a disgrace to the badge.. glad to see Justice is returning to the United States. The Almighty will not tolerate being mocked.
Thomas NorthCastle · 0:00 Isn’t it ironic that all of these killings were done in a state with some of the strongest gun laws and gun restrictions. Who I might add, has such a high regard for life but they want to execute him.
WATCH: North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in sign a joint statement at the border village of Panmunjom in the Demilitarized Zone. https://fxn.ws/2HAzCrh
Scott Stromboe-Keyser Sr. Trump will get the Nobel Peace Prize, liberal heads will explode everywhere, and it will be beautiful!!!😂😂😂😂
Jeremy McCartney This is how you win a Nobel peace prize the right way as POTUS. Give it to #45 now!
The teacher compared pro-Second Amendment student Kyle Kashuv to "Hitler" and called him "dangerous."
Parkland teacher under fire for allegedly calling pro-Second Amendment student Kyle Kashuv ‘Hitler’ in class
Anthony Hollander So sad that Trump is so jealous of Obama that he just can't stop putting him down.Trump knows he will never even come close to being the fine human being Obama is.
David Moore Wait, so you are allowed to insult and name-call students who dont support the 2nd amendment (as is their right to freedom of speech); but ya'll wanna hang this guy for using his freedom of speech to name-call a student whose pro-2nd amendment?? 🤔🤔🤔😂😂😂
At his press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, President Donald J. Trump stated that the United States needs fair trade deals and a fair deal on funding NATO. fxn.ws/2KkwGRh
Todd Douglas Collins record unemployment and wall street numbers, ISIS dwindling, Korean nuclear program dismantled... jump on the Trump Train!
Anthony Hollander Welcome to tRumps 3rd world United States of lying republicans, From the most respected country in the world to the most laughed at, in just 15 months. Hope you lying schitt bag republicans are happy.Fascist America. with Russian puppet as it's leader.