John Janutis Nbc can't handle the truth with brokaw..hope she takes you to court..her comes Gloria...good win on Crosby...nbc next..nbc is dirty...rumors say..women in fear.....rumors say....
Robin Kerr What about switching to AS THE WORLD TURNS,LOL
Abby Smith Is it going to be political? Because if it is, or if it does, I'm immediately changing the channel.
Ariana Grande is turning The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon upside down on May 1.
Katie A. Jardine Nothing but a nasally talentless BRAT!! Hate response in 3..2....1
Don't drop the ball! Pick up your Red Nose today and tune in to NBC on May 24 for #RedNoseDay. In partnership with Walgreens.
Jean Spurvey Based on your skewed and unethical portrayal of PANDAS on a recent Chicago Med episode, it has become quite obvious that your network has deep pockets that reach all the way to the White House, the CDC and the IDSA. It is quite apparent that NBC is sle...See More
On May 20, the Billboard Music Awards will never ever ever be the same.
If you stay here, you will never come back.
Treat yourself the way you want the Earth to be treated. Happy Earth Day!♻️
Diane McKinley We need to cut Megan oh sorry, Megyn(hooked on phonics works for me) , the WORST, disrespectful of her past comrades, Jessica, the woman is past, hv some respect, has guests no one wants to see, talks way to much, this is supposed to be entertaining, ...See More
Happy National Park Week from the leaders of the Pawnee Parks and Recreation department!🌳
What would you do if you met your hero?❤️
Dennis Moore "This is my son Jimmy" 🤣
Sarah Hessenius Families watch this together and it fosters communication and questions regarding each episode. History professors use it to help inspire students in class. More research is being done on the untold history we never learned about in school. This is a show like no other. There is a place for it on television and in our world.
Brenda Skime Love #Timeless!!! No other show has me on the edge of my seat, watching episodes over and over because there are so many interesting details AND has me running to Google or Wikipedia to learn more about it!!! The cast is amazing and the weekly storyline intriguing! I describe it to those who haven't seen it yet as action and adventure with a slice of romance on the side!! #RenewTimeless
Shaina Shazzam Scott Wow you got Donald Glover AND Childish Gambino??? Thought they had beef...You never see them in the same room together 🤔 😂
Patty Russo Brachman Don't watch anymore! Boring!
Knock knock. Who's there? It's Jimmy Fallon & Black Thought here for your #SurpriseDinnerParty!
Jimmy & Black Thought are LIVE in Philadelphia to surprise a family for dinner!!
Sara Swartz Is there somewhere we can write to petition for The Brave to be renewed???
Piece by piece, the Billboard Music Awards are coming together! Join our host Kelly Clarkson on Sunday, May 20 for the biggest night in music.
After 15-plus years on Billboard's charts, Kelly Clarkson will put her hitmaking skills to work as host of the 2018 Billboard Music Awards, NBC announced Tuesday (April 17).
Join Green is Universal and green your routine this Earth Week. #EarthInspiresMe
Khalid and Billboard editors are LIVE announcing and discussing the 2018 Billboard Music Awards nominees. Find out who wins, LIVE May 20th at 8/7c on NBC! #BBMAs
Buzz Turner · 0:20 No thanks. Don't want to listen to a bunch of SCREAMIN' TEENIE BOPPERS, or listen to "music" that I can't understand the words to.
Changing lives – one nose at a time. Pick up your #RedNose today and tune into NBC on May 24 for a #RedNoseDay Special. In partnership with Walgreens.
Dean Capron Or we could stop wasting our tax dollars on things like planned parenthood and sanctuary cities and start spending our taxes on our kids futures
Between Retta's birthday and Seth Meyers' new baby, we have a lot to celebrate.🎉
Rachel San Miguel Love her birthday dress