Doing the Happy Dance!
A place to celebrate booking your trip, countdowns to your trip, or anything else you want to announce or celebrate related to your Theme Park trip!!!
:welcome: Come join the fun in planning for June 2018! :welcome:
Add your username, dates, resort, and party count and anything else you want to add in the comments! Going to the dark side, er, too? No worries here! Feel free to add that to your dates and discussion.
I'll update our roll call and periodically add information relevant to June travellers!
Where to stay:
Want to know more about your resort? Having some second thoughts about...
How many days left until you leave?
I am at 11 days! I keep fighting the urge to start packing because I know it is too early. How many days is it until you leave?
Have a seat, pass the cranberry sauce and come plan with us! It's the November 2018 thread!
Whether you're celebrating Thanksgiving, an early Christmas, a birthday, an anniversary or life in general, we're so...​
The old thread was closed so here's another one .........
Well, we are still way over a year out, but we are already planning for 2018. So, if you are going to  in September of 2018 come in and join the fun.
Hi all!
I didn't see a July 2018 planning thread and since I'm already planning for next year I figured there had to be more of us! I found June and August but July seemed left out. If there's a July post already let me know.
Well, we are still way over a year out, but we are already planning for 2018. So, if you are going to  in August of 2018 come in and join the fun.
I can not find one yet so I am willing to get to get one started. Planning for May 19-27th and hoping to pull the funds together for AKL 2 bedroom. We are planning this trip as a gift to my mom. She has never been and she has had some health issues the past two years and when asked where she wanted to go for a big family vacation she picked Theme Park World! This will be my third trip. Once in 7th grade and once in Sept 2016. I would love to hear thought about the week leading up to...
2019?
Is anybody already thinking about a 2019 trip? I know it's "far away" but in the grand scheme of planning, it's not really! :)
We're tentatively planning a big family trip in the fall of 2019. I'm already kind of excited!
50 days!!! Does anyone else start worrying that it’s not really gonna happen as your vacation gets closer?
I’m getting so excited, but part of me is afraid to look forward to it too much.
2018 Christmas Vacation Planning
Let's get this party started. I know it's hard looking at all the MVMCP threads for this year, but our planning time will come!
A little about myself, my name is Emily, and I have been married to my DH for almost 6 years, and we have two little girls, DD1 3.5 years (4 in May), and DD2 1 year. At the time of travel they'll be almost 5, and 2. This trip is intended to celebrate DD1 turning 5, and going to..
Less than 60 days out!!!
Fast passes are scored and our plans are firming up.
Cast: Grammy (me), Daughter Vicki, Layla 9, Aidan 11, Will 16, Malinda 17, Caro 18, Tay 22 and friends Brenda and Bob.
First I did a throwaway campsite for 81$ gave me 9 magic bands instead of paying 117$ saving 36$.
Then I booked 3 rooms at Shades of Green.
Thursday, June 14 I am driving down by my lonesome with a stop in Savannah arriving on Friday, June 15. I will have a few days to putter by myself until Vicki, Layla and Aidan...
Less than 60 days out!!!
Surprise trip....Itinerary help
DH surprised me (for our 25th anniversary) with a trip to Theme Park. I am a planner, so while I am thrilled, I am panicking. We have 3 nights a POFQ, 4 day tickets arriving on 
Do you think those are the best dates for each? I love the night shows and have not seen the one at AK. I would love opinions since I normally have months to plan, not days. (Not planning on ADR's.)
Lets get this party started!!!!!!
Who’s with me?
My husband was NOT a Theme Park person. When my eldest son (who is 9) was 2.5 we were going to the LA area and I said 'let's do DL!) That first trip, I bought 3 day park hoppers and he commented he thought that that might be too much. My son LOVED it!
In the beginning I made a point of highlighting the stuff I knew DH would like. (he loves trains, so I managed a tender ride, riding first in the monorail, etc.). We did pool time in the afternoon and did bedtimes, and had successful trips....
I converted my husband to Theme Park!!!
Memory Maker Share January/Feb 2019
I have a trip planned in late January, would anyone be interested in doing a memory maker share?
TRIPLE Digits no more!!
Sorry, just needed to say that, for we are under 100 days.....I believe 95 to be exact:teeth::teacher:
Plans For 6 looking good?
Ok so first time booking a trip for 2 partys and I think I have figured it out. Attached are my cheat cards for each day (took off my confirmation numbers)
For Tower/FOP/Everest/mountain half the group will not be going on the rides but have agreed to swapping magic bands so the other 3 can go on twice :D
I laminated the cards and giving a pair to the other party (not phone savvy) so if we split up we know when to meet up. What do you guys think? Times look decent? The only thing I...
Plans For 6 looking good?
Theme Park is invading my dreams
We leave in 17 days.
So far I've dreamed that my parents hop the fence at AKL and get chased by a tiger (I know there aren't any there) and then blame me for not specifically telling them beforehand they couldn't.
I dreamed that we forgot about all of our FP+ until the last window closed.
And I dreamed we stood in line to meet Mary Poppins, first in line. Then we got cut off by about 30 people. Then they brought out Mary Poppins and she was this burly, rude lady.
I'm thinking I'm a...
Theme Park is invading my dreams
Mixing Business with Theme Park: Who's attending the conference 2018?
Anyone else going? I could see some ride sharing possibilities...
I'm booked into the hotel.
On the verge of crying and screaming for joy
Never, EVER did I dream that I would actually be able to take my own family to Theme Park anytime before my daughter was grown! My own family went to Theme Park by scraping tax refunds and staying mostly offsite (the one onsite time was All Stars Music). I had cousins that stayed in "themed rooms". I didn't understand any of it, if it was exclusive or we were too poor or what. Fast forward to now where both my husband and I are first gen college grads with an only child...
On the verge of crying and screaming for joy
Help needed for last minute trip
DH has been asked to attend a leadership conference end of 
Any tips are GREATLY appreciated!
MNSSHP tickets bought
for Sept! :)